feat(timeseries): add idxmin / idxmax to TimeSeries (#3115)
unit8co/darts: CHANGELOG.md

**Improved**

> - Added `TimeSeries.idxmin()` and `TimeSeries.idxmax()`, returning a `pandas.Series` (indexed by component) of the time index value at which each component attains its minimum / maximum. Also clarified the docstrings of `min()` / `max()` to point users to these new helpers when they want the actual argmin/argmax timestamp. Closes [#2696](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/issues/2696).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `TimeSeries.idxmin()` and `TimeSeries.idxmax()`, returning a `pandas.Series` (indexed by component) of the time index value at which each component attains its minimum / maximum. Closes [#3115](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/3115).
```
